<!-- 
beNNch - Unified execution, collection, analysis and
comparison of neural network simulation benchmarks.
Copyright (C) 2021 Forschungszentrum Juelich GmbH, INM-6

This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify it under
the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by the Free Software
Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or (at your option) any later
version.
This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY
WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the GNU General Public License for more details.
You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License along with
this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.

SPDX-License-Identifier: GPL-3.0-or-later
-->

# GitHub Page of beNNch

[beNNch](https://github.com/INM-6/beNNch) is a modular benchmarking framework for neural network simulations. This accompanying webpage illustrates the benefit of a standardized presentation of benchmark results that `beNNch` implements. 

## flip-book

[Click here](./flipbook.html) to see an interactive flip-book style of the performance results published in Albers et al. [citation needed] which has been generated by `beNNch`.

### Usage

Either press the on-screen arrows in the bottom-right corner or use the arrow keys of your keyboard to navigate between results. Notice how differences are immediately visible due to the consistent axis scaling and graph positioning.

### What is shown here?

The title of each page gives the unique identifier for each benchmark. As all human readable metadata is attached to the result files, this sequence does not need (and, in fact, doesn't) carry any information other than identification.
The graphs show performance results displayed using default plot styles of [`beNNch-plot`](https://github.com/INM-6/beNNch-plot). These can readily be modified, however, should remain consistent across experiments of a single benchmark study.
The bullet points are a collection of human-readable metadata which give context to the results. They, for example, specify the software conditions under which the simulations were performed or model used.

## How to use beNNch

[This guide](./walk-through.html) provides a exemplary walk-through of a typical beNNch use case, designed for helping setting up beNNch.